---
layout: post-custom
title:  "Covfefe"
date:   2024-03-13 06:00:00 +0100
categories: [learning-dynamics]
---
{% include katexLink.html%}
 
For a lot of people, myself included, coffee is a cornerstone of our academic existence. 
Not only as a concentration booster, but as a means of providing a theater for laid-back, open communication with other
scientists and colleagues. Another example of coffee's goodness is its neurophysiological potential to function as a 
daily trigger of productivity: "With this first sip of coffee, my work begins." 

Coffee connects people - it is widely seen across many cultures in the same image of a socializing,
focus-boosting, productivity-centered drink. 

It's use and mis-use over centuries is a reflection of the human desire to be awake, conscious and productive.

I have memories of loved ones that are now gone, my grandparents, in which I watch them drink their moca or in which I
drink with them. Memories of friends I met up with for a quick coffee. Memories of my parents discussing and laughing at 
8:00 in the morning over a coffee. Now, every time I drink coffee, for whatever purpose, it will be automatically added
to my memory with a label "Espresso Escapades" - or - "Memories that capture the essence, goodness and universality 
of experiences, adventures and work bounded by the theme 'coffee'."; Haven't decided on a label yet. 

I hope we can drink a cup of coffee together some day! On some level, we all drink the same first sip of coffee together,
every day.

# Neurophysiological effects of coffee

Cofve good for you in right amoun